Update the "necessary assets" step (#242)
pantheon-systems/wp-native-php-sessions: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Create a PR against the `main` branch.
1. After all tests pass and you have received approval from a CODEOWNER (including resolving any merge conflicts), merge the PR into `main`.
1. Pull `main` locally, create a new tag, and push up.

> 1. 1. (Optional) Download the zipped asset from the release and unzip locally, confirming that the expected files are present (and unexpected files, e.g. `composer.json`, Markdown files, etc. are omitted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. 1. (Optional) Download the zipped asset from the release and unzip locally, confirming that the expected files are present (and unexpected files, e.g. files outlined in [.gitattributes](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/wp-native-php-sessions/blob/main/.gitattributes) are omitted).
```

Maybe we call out .gitattributes as a point of reference in case in the future we change what is shipped with the plugin (e.g. if/when we put these on packagist composer.json would be expected).
